c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\RL6Mans.exe.config
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\obj\Debug\RL6Mans.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\RL6Mans.exe
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\RL6Mans.pdb
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\obj\Debug\RL6Mans.exe
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\obj\Debug\RL6Mans.pdb
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Core.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rest.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rpc.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.WebSocket.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Core.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rest.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rpc.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.WebSocket.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\samssd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.xml
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Providers.WS4Net.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Providers.WS4Net.xml
C:\Users\SamSSD\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RL6Mans\RL6Mans\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
